Added section on how to configure server-side session lifetime (#769)
DuendeSoftware/docs.duendesoftware.com: src/content/docs/identityserver/ui/server-side-sessions/session-expiration.mdx

an [inactivity timeout](/identityserver/ui/server-side-sessions/inactivity-timeout/) that applies across all your client applications.

The `ServerSideSessions.ExpiredSessionsTriggerBackchannelLogout` flag enables this behavior, and it is on by default.

### Configuring Server-Side Session Lifetime

If you need to change the default lifetime of server-side sessions, there are two ways to do so, depending on whether
you're using ASP.NET Core Identity or not.

<Tabs>
    <TabItem label="Default behavior">
        The default session lifetime of 10 hours is inherited from the [`IdentityServerOptions.Authentication.CookieLifetime`](/identityserver/reference/options/#authentication) property.

>         When configuring IdentityServer, you can override this setting like so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        When configuring IdentityServer, you can override this default:
```
